[BE-3741]: Added update metadata doc (#487)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-integrations/ios-publish-integrations/update-metadata-on-app-store-connect.md

---
title: Update Metadata on App Store Connect
description: This step enables you to upload the Metadata information of application on App Store Connect.
tags: [publish, ios, metadata, app store connect]
sidebar_position: 5
---

import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

# Update Metadata on App Store Connect

> When this step runs, it uploads all metadata information edited on [**Metadata Information**](/publish-module/publish-information/meta-data-information) to the relevant places on App Store Connect. When this step works, you can see the metadata information updated in detail with the localization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step uploads all edited metadata information from the [**Metadata Information**](/publish-module/publish-information/meta-data-information) page to the corresponding sections on App Store Connect. When this step executes, you can see the detailed updated metadata information with localization.
```

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE3741-previewMetadata.png' />

### Prerequisites

> This step is an independent one, and there is no specific step required for the step to work. It can be used anywhere in Publish Flow,step according to the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step operates independently; it does not require any specific prior steps. You can incorporate it anywhere in the Publish Flow according to your workflow.
```
